hello everybody this is what you're
looking at now is a very rare
promotional disney XD avengers assembly
promotional poster this thing is
gigantic it's it might be considered a
banner or you could say a wall poster
but only retailers got these they were
not made in in large quantity so they
are pretty rare this is a roll poster
which is unusual for promotional
materials because they tend to be folded
when they're sent to retailers this case
this is this is rolled it's made out of
us until the vinyl like material it may
be vinyl and not quite sure but get this
this is 68 inches by 47 inches it's it's
hard to get this in I'm backing up as
far as I can see maybe you can take the
whole image of this Avengers poster in
but this was a promotional piece that
was sent to retailers for the promotion
of the Disney Avengers cartoons Earth's
Mightiest Heroes effect and let me do a
little sorry about my camera angle it's
very tough to get this particular poster
and it is that massive it's true it is
that big I'm going to show you a little
close up on the heroes of course we have
the Avengers we have the incredible hulk
we have the mighty four we have the
invincible iron man of course up here on
the foreground we have Captain America
I'll give you some further detail on
this poster me clothes in a little bit
on this here's a little more detail
regarding the poster it's it's a very
breathtaking in person this thing is
just massive it is just simply
incredible the colors are probably a lot
more vivid than what you're going to see
here in this video this is really one
incredible piece as I said this these
were not sent to anyone other than
retailers and you couldn't buy these
these were not for sale to the public
nor will they ever be as far as I'm
concerned
this is a great image of the heroes this
if you don't count the movie posters
that are put on bus stops and that sort
of thing this is one of the biggest
Marvel promotional posters of all time I
would imagine the colors are much deeper
than probably appear here on the camera
but done that's just a quick little
overview of this poster as I said you
have Captain America you have iron man
ef4 you close in on Thor the Thunder God
himself and you have the incredible hulk
up at the very top left corner so here's
your overview of this Avengers
promotional poster banner again it
promoted the walt disney XD Avengers
Assemble cartoons and that's it for now
thank you very much for tuning in